Welcome to the next section of this course.
In this section, we focus on interacting with elements.
And we do this by using something called locators.
So this lecture is an introduction into locators.
So what is a locator in selenium?
So it is a form of identification.
It is how we can tell our program to locate an element of our choosing and to perform a task against
it.
For example, say we had free buttons on a web page.
If each of the buttons had a unique property, say, a unique I.D., then we could say, Hey, go press
a button that has the idea of.
Selenium.
Then trawled web page.
Until it finds an element with a matching already.
Locators are also known as selectors in selenium.
So think of it this way.
How can we identify it?
The poppy highlighted with the red rectangle from the others.
Maybe we would say he or she is one of the two dogs that is wearing a pink bandana.
This narrows it down to just two.
We then might say out of the two, he or she has the dark hair.
Then the other.
Using this logic, we are able to determine what puppy we had in mind and locaters work in a very similar
way.
So there are different types of locators.
And the most commonly used ones are listed below.
So we have locate him by day, by name, by link, text by thesis, and by x path.
We'll go over this in detail in the next few lectures.
So find element command is use uniquely identifying a web elements within the web page.
Find element command takes in the by object as the parameter and returns an object of type web elements.
An example, say we had a link on a web page with text or sign up.
Then we could locate that elements using the below driver to find element by thought, link, text,
and then in brackets and in double quotes we provide the text of that link which is signup.
This will all make sense in the next few lectures.
So if that sounded complicated, do not worry.
So a big tip is to understand locators.
Well, locators are at the heart of selenium.
If you spend time now in locates as well, you'll be able to interact with any elements on a web page.
Sometimes finding a way to identify the elements and instruct in our program to interact with it can
be the trickiest part.
So do not rely on programs to help you.
Learn locaters by practicing before moving on to tools that can assist.
I also recommend to my students the following course.
So this is entirely optional.
You do not need to take it in order to progress on the current course.
But for those students who wants to gain a deep and advanced understanding of selectors, then I recommend
the following.
As you can see, it's rated 4.8 stars out of five at the time of this recording, and it's only three
and a half hours long.
But by the end of it, you would have mastered selectors and locators.
If you're interested in this course, you can find it by following the highlighted U of L.
But as I've said, it's entirely optional and it's not needed in order to progress with the current
course.
Thank you for watching.